Microsoft Outlook tools for OmniFocus
=====================================

This repository contains a collection of tools for integrating MS Outlook and OmniFocus on the Mac. The intended users of these tools are those utilizing MS Outlook 2011 (in a corporate MS Exchange environment) , OmniFocus 2 and Quicksilver. 

In a corporate environment, there is a need to limit what data escapes to the cloud. At the same time, those of us in that environment need to be able to quickly link between our emails and to-do lists. These tools have been designed to facilitate those interactions.

Tools Herein
------------
1. SendToOmniFocus.scrp
2. OLOFTools.app
3. Message Properties.scrp

SendToOmniFocus.scpt
--------------------
SendToOmniFocus.scpt is an applescript. It will generate a new task in OmniFocus whose note contains a link to the currently selected message in Outlook. 

OLOFTools.app
-------------
OLOFTools.app or Outlook and OmniFocus tools , is a utility application that registers a custom URL handler with OSX. This URL handler is utilized whenever a link generated by SendToOmniFocus.scrp is clicked. 

Message Properties.scrp
-----------------------
Message Properties.scrp is an applescript used for development and debugging. It will tell you various internal properties of messages within Outlook. Some of these properties are utilized in the custom URI that is generated in SendToOmniFocus.scpt

References
----------
Not all of these ideas are my own and the following pages helped in these tools creation.

-) [Rainer](http://rainer.4950.net/2014/06/04/outlook-to-omnifocus2-take-12/)
-) [Mac OS Automation](http://www.macosxautomation.com/applescript/sbrt/sbrt-08.html)
